(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
You're from Janghyeon-dong?
Pretty much.
I was born in Yeongpa or somewhere,
but when I was one, I moved to Janghyeon-dong.
Do you know Janghyeon-dong?
Have you been?
Yes.
I went once when I was a senior in high school.
A senior?
Why?
I had to find someone.
This lady I know asked me to find her family.
I see. Who?
It's a long story.
Anyway, she had a noodle soup restaurant,
and she was looking for her daughter.
Hold on.
You met whom?
That lady with a noodles place in Janghyeon-dong.
Was her name by chance...
No, no, no.
I'm sure that's the name. I'm positive.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
That lady that you met.
She's my mom.
She disappeared 20 years ago.
She had a noodles place in Janghyeon-dong,
had one daughter, and...
Yes, that's my mom.
Where did you meet my mom?
She was being treated in my mom's hospital.
But her name was Kim Mi Jung.
What about her face?
That woman...
Kim Mi Jung may have been my mom.
(Psychiatrist Ko Jae Sook )
This woman...
is not Kim Mi Jung.
I treated her over 10 years ago,
so I don't remember clearly,
but she definitely did not look like this.
Do you have her photo...
or medical records?
It sounds so similar to my mom.
The hospital does not keep photos of patients.
Medical records are destroyed after 10 years.
Sorry I couldn't help.
It's not your fault.
Sorry for troubling you.
Ms. Ma.
There's a way to find Kim Min Jung.
Don't you remember?
I went to the police in Janghyeon-dong...
to find her family.
The detective I met then said he knew her well.
Detective? Which detective?
Detective Baek Sang Ho?
He worked here for about two months.
He quit for personal reasons.
I heard he emigrated. But...
why are you looking for him?
We need to find someone.
Who is it? I'll help you.
(Kim Mi Jung)
(0 results)
This won't work. I mean,
I need at least an address or something.
The only leads are Janghyeon-dong...
and the name Kim Mi Jung.
Don't you know anything else?
It's okay. Thank you.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
This wasn't the first time.
Don't get me started.
I went to every hospital...
in the country looking for my mom.
I was afraid she was sold off somewhere,
so I searched during work too.
Anytime there was an unidentified body,
it killed me.
On days like that,
I can't do anything...
until I check the body.
I even went...
to a morgue in the middle of the night.
But...
I should've searched more.
You said that Kim Mi Jung person...
searched for her daughter too.
Something may have happened to my mom...
which may have been why she couldn't find me.
What if she's crying because she misses me?
That's why I should've searched more.
I shouldn't have... What's wrong with me?
Just a minute.
Seriously.
This is so humiliating.
What's wrong with me?
What happened?
I had a friend there, so he took care of it.
(Yeo Jin Wook)
Please...
find me her address.
(Kim Mi Jung)
I went to the address listed,
and it was a test prep center.
And they didn't know a Kim Mi Jung.
This woman is very sick right now.
But she's looking for her daughter.
Kim... Kim Mi Jung?
What? Do you know her?
Of course.
She had a daughter...
who died in an accident.
The shock sent her in and out of mental hospitals,
and she would ask...
anyone she met to find her daughter.
Many came by here, just like you.
Then...
what about other family members?
Family?
Baek Sang Ho speaking.
I told you that I'd call you.
Yes.
Yes, I understand.
Ko Jae Sook's son came by?
Yes. I made up a story and sent him away,
but I think...
we should move Kwak Young Shil.
Sang Ho.
Did you do a 100m sprint when you were in school?
Pardon?
You're waiting at the starting line,
but you can feel a pebble in your shoe.
What would you do?
Will you try and take out the pebble,
or will you just run with the pain?
Then, Kwak Young Shil...
I trust you.
Yeongpa's Dong-gu...
was always Future Party's home.
If you can support us,
I'll make sure to visit you again.
Gold isn't worth much these days.
I heard that your wife...
is in the States because of your son.
Seol.
Sit down.
She's just starting as a new actress.
She needs your help to grow.
There's a hidden lobby in Hyungjae Hotel?
Did you see anyone?
What about Cho Gap Soo?
I went straight to a room, so I didn't see anyone.
You did a lot just by finding this out.
You should take care of yourself for now.
I didn't get involved to give up so easily.
It's not something we can act rashly with.
We have to prepare more.
My sister.
You didn't forget her, did you?
I started this because I trust you.
I'm afraid I might lose you too.
I'll call you.
(Se Na's Dad)
The number you have dialed is not available.
Hello, it's Yi Deum.
Yi Deum from Janghyeon-dong.
Is Se Na doing well?
Have you heard any news about Mom?
I'm sorry to bother you out of the blue.
If you know anything, please let me know.
Take care.
(Missing)
You look exactly like what I predicted.
- If you're done, goodbye. - Ms. Ma.
You should come somewhere with me.
Are you crazy?
You don't expect me to climb that, do you?
Why do you think we're here?
I hate climbing.
Why bother going up if we're coming back down?
Also, it's a plain wall. I'm not Spiderman.
What are you doing?
I said, what are you doing?
You should still try. It'll be fun.
Good luck.
But... Why are you being so sweet?
This is why I wasn't going to date.
I can't do it. I can't.
I can't do this.
I can't do it. No, no.
This is crazy. How can anyone do this?
Save me.
Hey! Yeo.
How was it? It's not so bad, right?
I almost punched you, but I stopped myself.
I'm so sore.
Are we here?
Gosh, my shoulders. My whole body aches.
It was hard, right?
I almost died.
How is this a date? It's like a drill.
At least you couldn't think about anything else.
How can I think when I'm dying?
Exactly.
You forgot how sad you were too.
The day's almost over.
Don't blame yourself for not finding your mom.
You've been through enough already.
You had enough heartaches.
It's time for you to let it go.
Also,
here.
- What is it? - Open it.
I know a professor who does 3D e-fits.
I took the wanted poster and asked for a favor.
He made it for me.
If you imagine her with you looking like this,
you'll be less lonely.
You can look at this whenever you miss her.
Thank you for the picture.
(Thank you for the picture.)
- It's nothing... - Also,
let's start dating from today.
Just say yes or no so that it's clear.
Ms. Ma.
What are you doing?
Why does it take so long to say yes or no?
Just hurry up and say it.
How is she so fast?
I'll say no for today.
- What? - Goodnight.
What's this? Then what about tomorrow?
What about the day after? When will you say yes?
Yeo.
Are you serious?
Yeo. Are you sleeping?
Yeo!
Hey!
No!
Hey! Gosh!
(Witch's Court)
(17-year-old girl, dreams come true)
Can we meet now?
Yes. How old are you?
I'm 32.
You're older.
Where are you now?
In a car. I can come anywhere.
Can you pay in advance?
(Can you pay in advance?)
Picture first.
Good, good.
You too.
What is this?
(Cyber Investigation Team 2)
Cyber Team, Detective Kim.
(Kim Duk Yul)
You should go home.
(Cyber Investigation Team 2)
It's a sex trade case through a 1-on-1 chat app.
The pimp is currently being investigated.
He can sneak out of any trap.
His nickname is Eel because of it.
How many girls does he have?
There are 10 to 15.
The age group is...
from middle school girls to university students.
I was wondering why we didn't get this before.
I agree.
I was trying to carry out a sting operation...
and downloaded the chatting app.
I set my profile as a 16-year-old girl.
I had 30 new messages in just 3 seconds.
What's wrong with you guys?
I didn't say I did that...
Can I ask a question?
That Eel or whatever...
is still running lose.
We can send him to court after he's caught.
It's too early to start a discussion.
Gosh, don't tell me this is like the 80s...
when we had joint crackdowns...
with the police.
They already know the faces...
of the officers in charge.
The assigned station asked CAGU for help.
From arrest to interrogation,
we'll be working together.
Does this mean Mr. Koo will be going on site...
in a customer disguise?
- Me? - No way.
Not Mr. Koo.
He looks like a detective.
They'll find out right away.
Then Yeo should go.
Why? Why should Yeo go?
Ms. Ma.
I'm okay with it.
Stay back.
You saw Eel's picture.
He looks very evil.
Yeo is a bookworm.
He'd be a horrible fighter.
What if they find out he's undercover?
What if Eel grabs a weapon and fights him?
Well?
What if there's a blade pointed at him again?
Since you care so much about your junior,
you should go with him.
Could I do that?
What's wrong with her?
Thank you for coming.
No problem.
This is...
the room Eel created.
How do you know that?
He always has the same room name.
It's so that his regulars would recognize it.
He's telling everyone it's him.
He's confident...
he'll never get caught.
It's very frustrating.
Let me get into the chat room first.
Have you done this before?
You can't be too obvious.
I'm Yeo Jin Wook.
An ex-psychiatrist.
Right.
(Yeo Jin Wook)
Are you crazy? Why are you using your real name?
You're supposed to use a nickname.
It should be "Charming" or "Mr. Good Looking".
(Mr. Charming)
(Confirm)
I got in.
Hello.
Nice to meet you.
Yes. How old are you?
I'm 34.
I'm a little older than you, right?
Where are you right now?
I'm not sure.
Perhaps, in your heart?
Are you...
(Mr. Charming has been kicked out.)
I think it's important to build a rapport.
What's a rapport?
A close and harmonious relationship...
built by the counselor and the one...
- being counseled. - Forget it.
Use abbreviations and talk like you're young.
Try again.
Okay.
What's up?
How is it hanging?
Up for a conditional meeting?
You want to call me?
No, I'm asking you how much you'll pay.
What?
What does this stand for?
What did you...
(Pure Love Macho has been kicked out.)
Move over.
Conditional.
Can you meet now?
- Price? - 200 dollars.
- Done. - Are you really 17?
Yes. Refund if not.
Picture. Go.
Check.
Go.
Okay. Yeonshin Station exit 8 in 10 minutes.
There.
Okay. Exit eight.
Let's go.
Real Cute Guy? Follow me.
We should block all escape routes.
Eel's girls...
are just like their pimp. They're good at fleeing.
Detective Lee and I will stay undercover...
at the front door and the back door.
You should...
go on standby somewhere close.
Okay. Good luck.
If it were me,
I'd go that way.
Money first.
There are a lot of guys who change their minds.
(Prosecution Service)
I didn't do anything.
I'm not guilty.
Calm down.
You're not who we're after.
We're after the pimp that hired you.
- The pimp? - Eel.
Your boss.
If you cooperate,
you won't receive criminal penalties.
Okay.
I can leave if I cooperate, right?
Let me go to the washroom first.
The police are here.
I'll run, so you should too.
Wow, you're good at climbing down.
You should be careful.
I climbed many fences in my days,
and I can tell this much height...
will give you a fracture.
If you don't want a bone to break, go back up.
Help her up.
Come up. I'll help you.
Kong Soo Ah, you're a professional.
It's all useless though.
We can easily restore it.
Go ahead.
Where's Eel?
Where does he work?
Eel? Maybe in restaurants?
Or maybe the mud flats?
I'm talking about your pimp.
The broker who helps you find men for prostitution.
Gosh.
What is a pimp?
Don't waste your energy,
and just tell me.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Should I call your parents?
So you could understand?
As you wish. I have no idea what...
What? Are you acting again?
Do you need the bathroom?
No.
It really hurts.
That won't make me go easy on you.
It hurts.
I mean it.
Something seems wrong.
Go in.
Okay.
Hey.
Hey. What's wrong?
Are you okay?
Come in.
Why do they sell their bodies, not caring...
that they're hurting themselves?
It isn't the kids' fault.
Adults who buy kids with money are the problem.
I wish men like that...
would have something written on their faces...
so that you can run away as soon as you see them.
Ms. Son.
Your face is all pink.
- What is it? - Is it?
That's right.
You had a blind date, right?
You must've liked the guy.
What is he like?
He's just a guy who lives an upright life.
He's hardworking, honest, and a law-abiding citizen.
The truth is, he's totally my dream guy.
I see. A law-abiding citizen. Okay.
Aren't you eating?
Hello, everyone.
I guess we're working late again tonight.
Are there always this many?
It's not bad because we're not cracking down.
It's worse during vacation seasons and in December.
The police can catch 1,000 a day if they wanted.
- That many? - You're back again?
Ms. Son. What's wrong?
Mi Young.
(OBGYN)
The STD spread to the pelvis.
That caused the miscarriage.
We gave her two bags of blood during surgery.
That's the level of pernicious anemia.
Even if they don't care about her,
how could they not know until she got this bad?
Bring her guardian.
[VIU Ver] E07 Witch's Court "Kim Mi Jung"
-= Ruo Xi =-
She started working...
when she was 15 to save her old grandma.
She never bought anything she wanted...
to eat or wear,
and spent all her money on my hospital bills.
All of it.
That's why I'm too ashamed...
to see her dad.
Still, her new boss now...
must really like her.
He pays her so much more.
That's why...
I feel a little bit better.
But that doesn't take away...
my feelings of guilt.
Granny.
Soo Ah...
Just a minute.
Yes?
Yes, yes. My little puppy.
What?
She wants to talk to you.
- Hello? - I'll talk.
- About what? - About my boss.
So don't tell my grandma anything and come back.
If you're not here in 10, I won't talk.
Shoot. Let's go for now.
Did something happen to her?
I was trying to scold those young chicks...
who were trying to make money easily.
I was dragged here unjustly.
I see.
But why did you take off your clothes?
- I was hot. - Is it summer?
It's no fun doing it with my wife.
There's no feeling.
I wonder if it's right to do that with family.
You must know how I feel, right?
I'll ask the questions.
Fine.
You know how it is, right?
Sometimes, you don't want to eat at home.
You want to eat out once in a while.
It's nice.
Also, prison food is good for you.
You get to eat out all you want now,
in prison.
Someone I know well...
(Criminal Record, Lee Dong Shin)
This is insane.
You're not done yet. Wait out in the hall.
Okay.
- Here... - On the desk.
Gosh.
He puts the others to shame.
I know, right?
Shouldn't he be isolated by now?
I agree. He should be.
Mi Young.
Come on, Mi Young.
What's wrong with you?
Why is our nice Mi Young being like this?
What was that?
With your experience,
you can talk to the prosecutor...
and get me off with a fine.
Don't be like that. Let's redo the questioning.
Let's cancel the previous one.
I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Shoot.
You can't just go.
I'm trying to save an old hag who can't get married.
You can't do this to me.
- What? - You rat.
Who are you?
You're being too harsh...
Mr. Koo!
Hey.
You disgusting good-for-nothing rat.
You're grosser than a moldy slice of bread.
How dare you run your foul little mouth?
Do you need to peel chestnuts in Siberia...
and poop blood in prison...
to learn your lesson?
Okay. I got it.
Poop blood? Blood?
Are you okay?
You shouldn't worry about me right now.
You're too nice for your own good.
That jerk.
When did you learn to curse like that?
I memorized it with friends when I was young.
I finally got to use it.
How fun.
Let's go.
As Cho Gap Soo's ratings...
have shot up,
the difference between him and Kim Moon Sung,
whose ratings dropped, is 15 percent.
Notwithstanding a huge variable,
Cho Gap Soo will...
very likely become the next Mayor of Yeongpa.
Sang Ho.
It's been a while. Should you and I...
go there?
Pardon?
I came here and cried twice.
Do you know when the first time was?
Wasn't it when the prosecutor's office...
rejected you after you passed the bar...
because of your father's record?
That's right.
Gosh.
It was raining that winter,
and I failed.
My future seemed bleak.
The tears just fell on their own.
That's when I realized...
how salty my tears were.
Do you know...
when the other time was?
It was...
when you went to jail in my place.
I came...
by myself...
and cried buckets.
Sang Ho.
I couldn't...
have gotten here if not for you.
Why are you saying something so ridiculous?
You'll stay by my side...
until I go...
to the Blue House, won't you?
I'll serve you with all my heart.
When did Min Ho say he was coming?
He's a new attorney.
Mr. Baek's brother.
Hello. I'm Baek Min Ho.
We met before.
Why are you working below me?
I have to assist someone.
Might as well be a successful attorney.
My brother says...
you're the ace here.
I hope to learn a lot from you.
There they come.
How's Kong Soo Ah?
- She needed surgery? - Yes.
I'll go see her first.
Fill them in.
Let's talk over there.
Yes. That's right. Gosh.
You know, I am so blessed...
because of my baby. Gosh.
Why?
Those people earlier...
cleaned my house nice and clean,
and replaced the ceiling light...
that had been flickering.
Gosh. They told me to feed my baby good food,
and even left me money.
What the... Why are they such busybodies?
Because my little puppy doesn't do bad things...
and is such a good person,
the man upstairs was impressed...
and sent such great people into your life.
Don't you agree?
Bye, Grandma.
Hey you. Kiddo.
I saw you sitting up and talking on the phone.
What is it?
Keep your promise.
You said you'd tell me everything about Jang Ho.
So?
Did you clean the house...
and leave money in case I don't talk?
Good.
Then I should keep quiet.
What else will you do for me then?
I've been controlling my temper...
because you're a sick minor,
but you did this to yourself.
I'll go to your grandma...
and tell her you've been selling yourself.
Seriously. Don't touch my grandma.
She'll faint.
Of course.
I'm a stranger,
and I'm about to faint from the shock.
Imagine if your grandma finds out.
She'll die on the spot.
Who are you to act all high and mighty?
- What? - You never lost a parent.
You were never picked on for being a poor orphan.
Not being able to say you're sick...
or tired.
Do you even know what it's like...
not to have parents?
To me,
my grandma is my mom...
and my all.
I'll die without my grandma.
That's your problem.
If you won't cooperate, I'll have no choice.
I can't let a human trafficker...
who traffics minors go just because...
I feel sorry for you.
So tell me.
He's saved in there as "Chicken Place Boss".
I don't know anything else.
I only see him briefly when I get paid.
That's more like it.
(Chicken Place Boss)
You never lost a parent.
This is my mom.
If you see her, please...
Excuse me.
(Missing)
Please dig into this number.
It's a burner,
so he'll submerge...
if the finds out we're onto him.
Mr. Seo. Soo Ah is the only lead so far.
Wouldn't it be better to use her as bait...
to catch him?
No, we can't do that.
She needs time to recover.
Don't be too forceful when questioning her.
Trace this number first,
and let's decide as things progress.
Get a new phone already.
Please...
find me her address.
They're extras.
I have a lot of socks at home.
Plus, I've met a lot...
of kids like you during my years as a prosecutor,
but I never met an idiot...
who doesn't look out for her own health.
Whatever.
At least wear socks.
Why are you barefoot? You look poor.
How tacky.
Who wear long socks anymore?
Then give them to your grandma.
I noticed she had holes in her socks.
Call me if you want to talk more about Eel.
Got it?
I'll see.
You brat.
Later, kid.
Ms. Ma.
Did they catch him?
- That's not it. - Hold on.
Hello?
Okay. I'll come now.
I have to rush somewhere.
Let's talk after.
(Psychiatrist Ko Jae Sook)
(Yeongmin High School)
Mr. Koo. I'll send you a government ID number.
Please run an identity check.
I will drive you home.
It's a happy day.
Shouldn't we pop some champagne?
I'll take you to the kingdom.
Call those old men from back then.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Uncle.
Tae Kyoo.
What are you doing here?
I came to hang out.
Sang Ho.
You need to monitor him better.
- Okay? - I'm sorry.
Uncle.
You're hurting my feelings.
This is my dad's hotel. It'll be mine eventually.
You brat.
You useless brat.
Get lost!
If I ever see you here again,
I won't care that you're my nephew.
You will die that very day.
Got it?
Who is he to tell me where to go?
He's nothing but a leech living off my aunt.
So? Where do you plan to go?
Here.
Read these and summarize them by morning.
The kingdom?
Will you be okay?
Your uncle will flip out if he finds out.
Okay, I'll go now.
Okay.
Do it by tomorrow, right?
- Hello? - Soo Ah.
Boss?
Just a minute.
Yes?
You gave my number...
to the cops.
I'm sorry.
I didn't want to, but I had no choice.
It's okay. We're friends after all.
In exchange, let's do a job.
I'm sorry,
but I'm not feeling well.
You're not well? How?
I had surgery today.
You should've told me if you had surgery.
So? Did you die?
No.
You're alive.
Still, today...
- Just today... - Hey!
Soo Ah.
I'm trying to talk nicely to you.
You talk to her.
Soo Ah.
What is going on?
Do it well. Show some loyalty.
If this goes well, you'll get one large.
Here's the security video you requested.
The person in there...
looked for your mom...
while I was at Janghyeon police station.
(Min Ji Sook)
That prosecutor said...
your mom was an important informant for a case.
My mom?
You were too young back then,
and I thought it was meaningless to tell you,
but I felt like I should tell you now.
I hope I'm not too late.
Jin Wook. There's nothing...
going on with you and her, right?
You should go.
Yes, Mr. Koo.
Something' strange about Kim Mi Jung.
What?
I looked, and that ID says it's Jung Gap Soon.
Her address is not in Janghyeon-dong,
but Jeonpo-dong in Busan.
- Are you sure? - I checked three times.
(Baek Sang Ho)
"Baek Sang Ho"?
Hi. You should've called first. Did you eat?
Yes, I ate.
Is something wrong? You look terrible.
It's nothing. I'm fine.
Mom.
About Kim Mi Jung whom we mentioned earlier.
I found her medical report earlier.
(Hyungjae Group, Hyungjae Legal)
(Cho Gap Soo)
(1986 Hyungjae Factory Sexual Torture)
(Kwak Young Shil, Missing since 1996)
But some things were strange.
I searched the ID number on her chart,
and it was someone else.
Her name and address are all different too.
Really?
Don't you...
have something to say to me?
Ma?